I’ve Been Reincarnated as a Tentacle Slime~ I Want to Live a Comfortable, Secure Life and Do Whatever I Want~ - Chapter 0
Within a certain dungeon, the sound of a woman’s moan can be heard.

“Hah! Mmm♡♡ Ahh♡♡ I’m going to give birth♡♡♡ So many babies are coming♡♡♡♡♡”

The girl with red eyes and fox ears spread her legs wide in an M-shape, seemingly about to give birth. Her stomach was abnormally large, as if a balance ball was inside.

As the girl pushed, a slime crawled out from inside her v4g1na. The slime had antennae, or rather, tentacles, indicating that it was not just an ordinary slime.

“Ahh♡ I’ve given birth♡♡ Mmm♡ They’re all coming out now♡♡♡”

Then, one after another, the girl gave birth to slimes with tentacles from her pvssy, and with each birth, her stomach gradually shrank back to its usual size. In total, 10 slimes were born.

The newly born slimes gathered around the prepared food and started feeding. Then, a tentacle slime, two sizes bigger than the girl, if not larger, passed by and came toward the girl.

“Good job, you did well again this time.”

“Yes, I’m going to give birth to a lot of your babies, Master.”

“Thank you, you must be tired today. Go ahead and rest.”

The girl, having tidied herself up, nervously twiddled her hands and addressed the large slime.

“Um… if it’s fine with you, I would like to sleep wrapped up by you, Master…”

“You’re such a needy one. Fine, whatever. The work for today is done, come with me.”

“Yes, Master!”

From the rooms on either side of the corridor where the large slime passes, the moans of various women can be heard. Among them, the sounds of slimes being born, just like the girl with fox ears, can also be heard. Yes, the large slime has many breeding grounds, impregnating them.

Upon arriving in a certain room, the girl lies down on the luxurious bed. The slime then climbs on top of her. Yes, the next cycle of child making is about to start.

This is the dungeon inhabited by tentacle slimes. For women, is it heaven or hell…?