I’ve Been Reincarnated as a Tentacle Slime~ I Want to Live a Comfortable, Secure Life and Do Whatever I Want~ - Chapter 1
On a first floor of a dungeon no one knows about. Right now, at this very moment, a small tentacle slime has spawned.

(Where is this?)

I was sure I had died… didn’t I?

I remember dying in my previous world, in Japan, but I can’t recall why I died, who I was, or what kind of person I was.

I retain knowledge from the previous world, but when it comes to personal matters, there are holes in my memory like they’ve been eaten by moths.

Looking around, the area was filled with dirt and stones—the air was chilly. I decided it was probably a cave. There were lights attached to the walls, so it might be an underground passage.

I noticed my vision was low and thought I was lying down. When I tried to stand up, I felt my whole body rising, and I quickly relaxed my hands in panic.

I felt relieved when my body touched the ground, but then I thought my body had become so powerful that it was floating, and I looked at my hands…

There were no hands, only a transparent, wriggling something in their place.

(!? What is this!? No hands!? I don’t have hands!? Why!?)

Confused by the lack of hands, I panicked.

◆◆◆◆◆◆◆

I finally recovered from my confusion and began to assess my current situation.

(First, my eyes still function normally. In fact, I can see in all directions. Next, although I should have been screaming in confusion, I couldn’t hear anything. I don’t have vocal cords. Well, that’s not surprising. Now then—)

To summarize, here’s the situation.

・I can see. I have 360-degree vision.

・I can’t speak.

・My size is about that of a softball.

・I can attach myself to walls and move along them.

・I have five tentacles, and I can manipulate them however I want.

・My body is transparent, though it seems to have a slight bluish tint.

・There is a round object inside my body.

It’s probably my core, which I should think of as a combination of heart and brain.

If it’s destroyed, I will die.

(I wonder if the five tentacles are modeled after limbs and a head?)

Thanks to a nearby puddle, I was able to see my reflection. Accepting it… seems like it will take time…

As I began to calm down, I started to worry that I wasn’t in a safe place. Looking around carefully, I saw bats flying in the air. Judging their size, they were about the same as me. If I had to fight, I wouldn’t come out unscathed.

I slowly moved toward the wall, trying to shape myself into something angular like a stone. The corners were round, but the slime-like appearance was probably lessened.

I was wildly thrashing around during my confusion, and while it’s too late now, I can’t just leave things as they are.

I moved along the wall and made my way out of there.