I’ve Been Reincarnated as a Tentacle Slime~ I Want to Live a Comfortable, Secure Life and Do Whatever I Want~ - Chapter 2
I advanced through the maze-like cave and stopped at a location reasonably far from where I was earlier.

(Alright, I’ve moved, but what should I do next? I need to figure out what I can do. When it comes to slimes, maybe I could attach myself to them and dissolve them? No, I can’t even melt earth, so dissolving them is not an option. I guess I could try hitting them with my tentacles.)

I moved the tentacle I had attached to the wall a little. If I whip it like a whip and strike, maybe it’ll deal some damage.

I wondered if there was anything else I could do—just as I thought that, a window appeared before me.

(This is bad! Did something notice me!?)

I desperately looked around, but it seemed there was nothing. When I looked back at the window, it displayed my information.

(Did I cause this to appear…?)

Name:

Species: Tentacle Slime

Traits: Degraded Lesser, Petite (Microscopic), Baby (Infant)

Skills: Full Drain Lv** (Absorption), Transmutation Lv** (Transformation, ??)

(Oh, I don’t have a name. There’s no one to call me anyway, so I guess it’s fine to leave it like this for now. The species is exactly as it appears. Traits?)

What does ‘degraded’ mean? As I wondered, a sub-window appeared.

Degraded Lesser: Refers to an inferior form of the species. A negative modifier is applied to abilities.

(I see. Well, I kind of figured that, but the negative modifier is really harsh.)

The other Petite and Baby traits were similar, and all of them had only disadvantages.

Next, I checked the skills.

Full Drain: Can absorb 100% of whatever has been consumed.

:If the skill exists, it can be acquired.

Transmutation: Can recreate the consumed target. Modification is also possible.

:??????

Blunt Resistance: Reduces the damage taken from blunt force attacks.

(Well, this is a useful ability. Absorb with Full Drain and recreate with Transmutation. The other one probably won’t unlock until I grow, huh?)

In other words, if I don’t defeat the bat, I’ll just keep moving along the wall like this. I recalled the scene where the bats were fighting over territory.

(Alright, I’ve made up my mind. I’ll look for bat that’s near-death or one that’s already dead! I don’t care if it’s cowardly. It’s better than dying.)

I moved stealthily along the wall, blending in, as I searched for bats that were fighting.

◆◆◆◆◆◆◆

After wandering for a while, I discovered a fight between the bats. To avoid provoking them, I stopped all movement and waited motionless like a stone.

Eventually, a winner was decided, and one bat plummeted to the ground. The other bat seemed to be quite injured. I resumed my movement, carefully making my way to the wall closest to the fallen bat. I thinned one of my tentacles and slowly, bit by bit, extended it toward the fallen bat.

Without alerting the bat perched on the ceiling, my tentacle reached the fallen bat. It had taken quite some time, so it seemed to have already passed. I began feeding from the lower part and, taking my time, slowly consumed the bat as if sinking into a swamp.

(Phew… I managed to consume the bat. Indeed, energy is welling up inside my empty body. If I defeat the bat above, that’ll be two bats worth of energy. With that, I might be able to fight a bat myself.)

I wanted to check my abilities, and by deliberately displaying the window, I might be able to provoke a fight. I gathered my resolve and opened the window.

(It’s not attacking me? Can only I detect this window? If so, I should check if anything’s changed first.)

The bat possessed the skills: Soundwave Manipulation Lv01 and Flight Lv01.

(Those are typical bat abilities. If I hit the bat on the ceiling with a sonic wave, I might be able to provoke it.)

I concentrated and launched a sonic wave, thinking ‘Come at me!’ The bat on the ceiling turned and dove at me, looking extremely angry.

I employed three tentacles for offense and two for defense, moving my core along the wall to prepare for the confrontation.

I swung three tentacles toward the bat’s wings in intervals. The first one was dodged, but the second hit perfectly, making the bat lose its balance and fall to the ground. I switched all five tentacles to attack and relentlessly slammed the bat. After a while, the bat grew weak and died.

When I consumed the second bat, I felt myself growing stronger.

(Alright, let’s keep going like this!)

I moved away from the wall and started advancing down the middle of the corridor.

《Name》

None

《Species》

Tentacle slime

《Traits》

Degraded: Negative ability modifier

Petite: Negative ability modifier

Baby: Negative ability modifier

《Skills》

Lv**: Full Drain

Lv**: Transmutation

Lv05: Blunt Resistance

LV01: Flying

LV01: Soundwave Manipulation