I’ve Been Reincarnated as a Tentacle Slime~ I Want to Live a Comfortable, Secure Life and Do Whatever I Want~ - Chapter 4
The lights glowed brightly again, and I resumed my activities. There was a pitch-black gate at the end of the hallway, and the gate had large letters written on it saying, “To the 2nd floor.”

When I got closer to the gate, I spotted a sign.

(Huh? “You can go to the 2nd floor from here. Think about the 2nd floor while passing through the gate, and you’ll warp there.”)

Even though it was clearly not in Japanese, I could still read the sign. It was more convenient than not being able to read it, so I decided to leave it for now. Here’s what the rest said:

・The black gate allows you to warp to the white gate on the lower floor.

・The black gate does not allow movement to a higher floor.

・If you concentrate on the specified floor while passing through the warp hole, you will be transported.

* Nothing happens if you focus on an upper floor.

・To reach the deepest floor, you can only move from the floor just before it.

・Monsters do not spawn near the black and white gates.

・Monsters cannot move between floors.

(Huh, even if I leave the dungeon, I don’t have to start over from the 1st floor. That’s a considerate design.)

As I was glancing over the sign, I suddenly realized something.

(Who wrote this? No, it’s reasonable to think that a human set this up. In other words, this is a dungeon that has been tampered with by humans. I didn’t happen to meet any humans, but if I did, it would be over for me or the bats with just one strike…)

“What the hell! I’ve been acting tough against the bats, but I was just a frog in a well! I need to build up more strength and gain the power to survive!”

I gave myself a good reminder to temper my overconfidence and corrected my arrogance.

The first thing I should consider is this sign. It’s reasonable to assume that the information is genuine. There’s no need to write lies to deceive the bats with poor eyesight, and I don’t think monsters can read. Since I used to be human, it’s best to treat myself as an exception. I don’t think I’ll find a human after passing through the gate.

Next, should I descend to a lower floor or go up to the surface? If there’s a white gate beyond the black gate, I should be able to get to the surface from there. If I go down, I won’t suddenly face opponents way stronger than the bats. However, the surface is different from the dungeon environment, so it’s not surprising if there are wild creatures or monsters. If I encounter an enemy as strong as a dog, I’d be dead instantly. So, it’s probably safest to go down.

The last thing to consider is why I could hear my own voice.

“Ah, eh, i, u, e, o, a, o. I can make sounds without a mouth… Why? …Ah! Is it sound wave manipulation? My voice is a type of sound wave!”

I probably won’t need to use it for a while, but I’m very happy to know that I can talk.

“Okay then, time to go and become stronger!”

I concentrated on the 2nd floor and passed through the gate.

《Name》

None

《Species》

Tentacle slime

《Traits》

Degraded: Negative ability modifier

Petite: Negative ability modifier

Baby: Negative ability modifier

《Skills》

Lv**: Full Drain

Lv**: Transmutation

Lv05: Blunt Resistance

LV03: Flying

LV03: Soundwave Manipulation