I’ve Been Reincarnated as a Tentacle Slime~ I Want to Live a Comfortable, Secure Life and Do Whatever I Want~ - Chapter 5
I arrived on the 2nd floor, and when I looked back, there was a white gate. Written at the top in large letters was “Welcome to the 2nd floor.”

There was a sign here as well, and it had similar information to the black gate. The difference was that it was for traveling upwards and that it allowed access to the surface.

(It’s great to have a safe zone here. I’ll make this area the center of my exploration.)

I transformed into my bat form and used slime vision and echolocation to search the area. The dungeon is intricate, so I can’t search too far, but it’s still sufficient.

As I continued exploring, I detected a moving presence. It was a land creature, about the size of a basketball, probably twice as large as me… I should check it out.

I headed toward the location of the land creature and found a pure white rabbit. But…

(It looks like it has something quite impressive on its head. — I’m not kidding, that thing is dangerous. If I get stabbed by it, I’ll definitely die. It’s absolutely a threat.)

The rabbit had dark, pitch-black horns on its head, about the same length as the rabbit’s body. The smooth horns resembled lances. Those horns easily surpassed my own body length, so if one were to pierce my core, I’d die instantly.

I immediately attached myself to the ceiling. Since falling would be game over, I extended four tendrils to act as safety lines. Fortunately, it didn’t seem like it had any way to attack the ceiling, and after a quick glance, it lost interest in me and left.

(Should I go back to the surface? No, it seems like there might be dogs or cats up there, and if this rabbit is any indication, things would be even more dangerous. The surface might not even have a black gate, and if there’s no safe area… just thinking about it gives me chills.)

(If I were able to get those horns, I could definitely become stronger…)

At that size, even a rock wouldn’t be effective, and I lack the means to attack… Alright, I’ll do what I did on the 1st floor and act like a hyena. That rabbit seems to be specialized in attack, so if I’m there when it fights, I might be able to pick up the leftovers.

While attaching my tendrils as safety lines, I searched for the rabbits fighting, and I found two rabbits glaring at each other.

(Just in time, it looks like a fight is about to start. Since this is a good opportunity, I’ll check out their attack methods.)

The two rabbits moved, slowly closing the distance… slowly… as if measuring their range—then one of them dashed forward and charged the other. The second one hastily dashed as well, and the two shadows collided.

The fight was decided in one strike. The rabbit that was late to react was impaled by the horns. When the victorious rabbit shook its head, the defeated rabbit was freed from the horns and slammed into the wall. Then, the victorious rabbit left the area.

“One-hit kill, huh… that’s terrifying. I definitely don’t want to fight it. If I can grow to the size of a medium-sized dog, I don’t think it would be able to reach my core at the back, but I’m not sure if it would be worth it when I get that big.”

I pulled the rabbit up and clung to the ceiling, devouring it. The rabbit was quite heavy, but I was too scared to descend to the ground, so I had no choice.

◆◆◆◆◆◆◆

After a while, once digestion was complete, I felt my strength surge and my body size increase. I immediately transformed the tip of my tentacle into a horn and struck the wall, but it only pierced a few centimeters. With this, attacking from the ceiling with my tentacles seems difficult. If I eat more, will it pierce deeper?

After activating the horn, I opened the window. There, two new skills were displayed: [Pierce] and [Quadrupedal Movement]. Also, the trait had changed from “Petite (Extremely Small)” to “Small.”

Pierce: Increases the attack power of piercing-type attacks, such as those of a spear.

Quadrupedal Movement: Enables movement using four legs.

Small: A tiny creature. It applies a negative modifier (Small) to abilities.

To walk on all fours, I generated four tentacles on my body and stood on the ceiling. I see, it’s much easier than hanging as a bat. That’s all… I already tried the piercing. I don’t really understand the “Small” trait. I think the disadvantage was reduced, but I can’t tell if it was due to the enhanced rabbit-eating ability.

I wandered around in this manner until the light began to fade and was able to devour about ten creatures.

《Name》

None

《Species》

Tentacle slime

《Traits》

Degraded: Negative ability modifier

Small: Negative ability modifier (Small)

Baby: Negative ability modifier

《Skills》

Lv**: Full Drain

Lv**: Transmutation

Lv05: Blunt Resistance

LV03: Flying

LV03: Soundwave Manipulation

Lv01: Quadrupedal Movement

LV01: Pierce