I’ve Been Reincarnated as a Tentacle Slime~ I Want to Live a Comfortable, Secure Life and Do Whatever I Want~ - Chapter 6
(I was afraid of falling, so I barely got any sleep…)

I woke up, but the mental fatigue didn’t go away. I continued exploring today, but my head felt foggy, and I just wandered around aimlessly.

(Come to think of it, the horn got stuck in the wall, I wonder if I could dig a hole with it. If I dig higher up, the rabbits wouldn’t be able to get in.)

I thrust the now-hardened horn into the wall. It sinks about 5 cm, and dirt falls to the ground. I kept digging relentlessly.

As I dug deeper, I created a hole big enough for two of me to fit. I crawled into the hole and slept for a bit.

◆◆◆◆◆◆◆

This time, I was able to fully recover from my exhaustion, and my mind was clear.

(I was so absorbed in digging that I didn’t notice, but I can produce more horns from the original one.)

The horn splits into three, like a trident, and it seems I was digging with it in this shape. Even normal tentacles can grow additional tentacles in different directions. So it seems I should think of these horns as a hardened form of tentacles.

(It seems pretty versatile. If I could grow horns inside their body after stabbing an enemy… I could directly attack their insides.)

I immediately returned to the first floor and conducted an experiment using a bat. The result was successful. The sight of numerous horns sprouting from the bat’s body was quite intense.

With this, even the rabbits would…

I returned to the second floor, but I was still scared, so I decided to devour 20 rabbits and grow my body by engaging in hyena play.

◆◆◆◆◆◆◆

By the time I had consumed 20 rabbits, both [Piercing] and [Quadrupedal Movement] reached level 2, and the size of my rabbit form had doubled. In the process, I even managed to find the gate to the third floor.

(Should I continue challenging rabbits on the second floor or go down to the third floor and see what it’s like? If the monsters on the third floor are attack-focused like the rabbits, I’ll return to the second floor and challenge the rabbits.)

“Yes, this is all part of advancing to the third floor. I’m going down, so it’s not wrong; I’m definitely not running away.”

Making excuses that no one would hear, I headed for the gate to the third floor.

(Now that I think about it, I should have just slept near the gate… Well, forget it.)

《Name》

None

《Species》

Tentacle slime

《Traits》

Degraded: Negative ability modifier

Small: Negative ability modifier (Small)

Baby: Negative ability modifier

《Skills》

Lv**: Full Drain

Lv**: Transmutation

Lv05: Blunt Resistance

LV03: Flying

LV03: Soundwave Manipulation

Lv02: Quadrupedal Movement

LV02: Pierce

This time’s results:

・The dungeon can be excavated.

・Tentacles can branch out, horns can do the same.