I’ve Been Reincarnated as a Tentacle Slime~ I Want to Live a Comfortable, Secure Life and Do Whatever I Want~ - Chapter 7
When I descended to the third floor, I first tried to see if I could return to the first floor. The result was a success, and I was able to travel back and forth between the first and third floors. It was proven that 1F ⇔ 3F is possible.

(Now, time to search for some monsters.)

For the time being, I took the form of the biggest rabbit and clung to the ceiling while running.

After some time, I sensed a response from a ground creature. There don’t seem to be many flying creatures here.

(Well, I guess flying isn’t really an option in a maze like this.)

It’s steps were slow, and their height was low to the ground. It couldn’t be—yes, it was indeed a turtle. Its shell was about 50 cm long and oval-shaped.

(Ah~ great~ a creature that is immune to my horns has appeared. I put in a lot of effort on the second floor, but it doesn’t seem like hyena play will work here. However, if I use its shell as a shield, I can still gain an advantage over the rabbits. I need to figure out how to defeat it.)

I poked the shell with my horn-tentacles from the ceiling to test its durability. The sound of thudding filled the air, but it didn’t seem like any damage was getting through.

(In that case, I’ll aim for the softer parts, like the head and limbs.)

I used six tentacles to attack its limbs, head, and tail. However, it withdrew into its shell and avoided the strikes. Next, I tried to flip it over by crawling my tentacles underneath, but it came out of its shell and attacked the tentacles.

(What should I do now…?)

I struck the shell and, while trying to keep it from coming out, I considered my next move.

(I need to aim for the soft limbs. However, they’re hidden under the shell. If I could drag them out… drag them out… I see, I just need to push my tentacles into the hole where the limbs are trapped.)

If I attack from inside with my horns, the shell can’t defend against it. I thrust my horn through the hole for the turtle’s arm and produced numerous horns inside the turtle shell. The turtle trembled once and then stopped moving.

I quickly began to feed, but the turtle’s shell was hard and it took a long time to digest. It ended up taking about an hour.

◆◆◆◆◆◆◆

(It took some time, but this is amazing! Despite its light weight, the hardness is extraordinary! The shell absorbs the attack, and my slime’s soft body disperses the impact.)

I tested the shell’s durability by thrusting my horn into it.

Next, I checked my skills. The ones I acquired this time were [Piercing Resistance], [Slashing Resistance], and [Hardening]—all great defensive skills.

Piercing Resistance: Reduces damage from piercing-type attacks.

Slashing Resistance: Reduces damage from slashing-type attacks.

Hardening: Reduces damage from physical attacks.

Excited, I began looking for my next prey. Defeating turtles is no longer a problem. I can think during the digestion process.

After defeating another one, I thought about the use of horns and shells while feeding.

(Using the horn like a spear and the shell as a shield for defense while fighting seems safe. Can I make a spike shield by growing horns on the shell? Oh, it’s possible. Since the shell is also a modified part of the slime’s body, I can grow tentacles. If the shell is also slime—)

I succeeded in transforming the turtle shell into a spear-like shape. I could hear a sharp ‘shoo!’ ‘shoo!’ sound. However, when I struck the wall, it didn’t penetrate as deeply as the horn.

(Maybe it’s because there isn’t enough weight, causing the power to decrease. If I coat the horn—)

I wrapped the turtle shell around the horn. When I struck the wall with this setup, it pierced in firmly.

(Alright, the shell can be used both for offense and defense. If it has mass, I probably don’t need the horn, right? Well, I still have the piercing skill, so I’ll hunt more later.)

Next, I’ll focus on rotation. If I handle the spear like a drill, it should increase its penetration power. When I rotated a regular tentacle slowly, it didn’t break even after five minutes.

(I see, since it’s a slime body, there’s no human body limitations. Then, next I’ll try rotating the spear. It’s slow at about 10 rotations per second, but if I keep the rotating part as a normal tentacle, there doesn’t seem to be an issue.)

Before the lights turned off, I hunted about five turtles.

《Name》

None

《Species》

Tentacle slime

《Traits》

Degraded: Negative ability modifier

Small: Negative ability modifier (Small)

Baby: Negative ability modifier

《Skills》

Lv**: Full Drain

Lv**: Transmutation

LV02: Pierce

Lv05: Blunt Resistance

Lv01: Piercing Resistance

Lv01: Slashing Resistance

LV03: Flying

LV03: Soundwave Manipulation

Lv02: Quadrupedal Movement

Lv01: Hardening

This time’s results:

・ Created both a spear and shield using the turtle shell.

・ Added rotation to the spear to enhance its piercing power.