I’ve Been Reincarnated as a Tentacle Slime~ I Want to Live a Comfortable, Secure Life and Do Whatever I Want~ - Chapter 8
While hunting turtles and searching for the gate leading downstairs, I discovered a room that looked different from the others.

(This is the first time I’ve found a room. Hmm? There’s something written below. ‘Undefeated’? It doesn’t seem like anything’s inside the room, though…)

At the very least, this means there is a target to defeat. I didn’t enter the room and instead examined the surroundings. I noticed the word ‘Undefeated’ on the left as well, and from peeking inside, I could see there were two entrances. Moreover, there seemed to be a way to go around it.

(Since I can bypass it, it can’t be a boss. Even if it’s a mid-boss, it wouldn’t make sense to be able to bypass it. Could there be a named monster? If it’s a turtle-type monster, I’d definitely want to eat it.)

I attached a tentacle lifeline outside and, using [Flight], floated into the air. I made preparations to escape swiftly by pulling with that tentacle and entered the room.

(The door… isn’t closing. Does this mean nothing will happen right away?)

When I emitted ultrasonic wave, I realized the room was 20 by 20 meters. A few seconds later, black mist appeared and condensed into multiple lumps. When the mist cleared, a large number of turtles appeared.

A monster house? There are—40 of them. If this were on the second floor, I’d probably have fainted. But with turtles, it’s no issue. Even if there are so many!

I shot a tentacle spear at the closest turtle, stabbing it in the head. Inside its body, I created more spears to finish it off. I then lifted it and threw it at a nearby turtle. Five turtles withdrew into their shells to protect themselves from the impact.

(That’s exactly what I was waiting for.)

I thrust five spears into their bodies, skewering them, and threw them towards the others again.

I kept repeating the process like a routine, eventually defeating all the turtles.

(Eating all them is gonna take some time… I guess I’ll call it a day for now.)

I expanded my slime body and began devouring five turtles at once. If I stretched any further, I wouldn’t be confident in maintaining the density. I left only the shells behind and moved on to the next turtle. Once all the turtles had been reduced to shells, I picked up the light shells and left the room. The words on the entrance now showed ‘Defeated.’

I returned to the white gate and, in the safety area, stretched my body thin, covering the turtle shells. It had already gotten dark, so I ate while lying down and resting.

◆◆◆◆◆◆◆

When I woke up, all the shells had been consumed, and my body had returned to its normal form. When I opened the window, I saw that [Pierce Resistance], [Slash Resistance], and [Hardening] were all at Lv02. Based on my previous experience, it takes about 20 monsters to reach Lv02. If that’s the case, then like with the bats, it will probably take 100 monsters to reach Lv03.

(That was a great hunting ground. I wish I knew when that monster house would respawn… Since they created ‘Undefeated,’ it can’t be a one-time thing.)

Just to be sure, I headed back to the monster house location and saw that it was marked ‘Undefeated.’

(Is it once per day!? This is really lucky.)

–

While I was hunting and consuming turtles, I noticed that the speed at which their shells dissolved was increasing. Was it because my strength had improved, or does the consumption speed increase with the same type of monster? Or perhaps both. Either way, it’s a big help to my feeding efficiency.

After about two hours, I finished eating and started searching for the black gate.

Before long, I found the black gate. Since I had already consumed 100 turtles, I decided to descend right away. I opened the window to check and confirmed the skill levels had gone up before heading down to the 4th floor.

My [Quadrupedal Movement] skill had also reached Lv03, and it was only when I was leaving the floor that I realized that the turtles also had [Quadrupedal Movement] skill.

《Name》

None

《Species》

Tentacle slime

《Traits》

Degraded: Negative ability modifier

Small: Negative ability modifier (Small)

Baby: Negative ability modifier

《Skills》

Lv**: Full Drain

Lv**: Transmutation

LV02: Pierce

Lv05: Blunt Resistance

Lv03: Piercing Resistance

Lv03: Slashing Resistance

LV03: Flying

LV03: Soundwave Manipulation

Lv03: Quadrupedal Movement

Lv03: Hardening

This time’s results:

・ Monster houses exist.