I’ve Been Reincarnated as a Tentacle Slime~ I Want to Live a Comfortable, Secure Life and Do Whatever I Want~ - Chapter 10
After devouring him and taking on the wolf form, the first thing I noticed was the lightness of my body. It was on a completely different level compared to the rabbit and bat forms. Additionally, the skill I gained from him was [Swift Wind].

Swift Wind: Increases movement and attack speed.

(He was completely focused on speed. Even the speed of my tentacles has visibly increased, fighting him turned out to be the most meaningful battle I’ve experienced so far.)

In my wolf form, I raced through the dungeon with the swiftness of the wind.

Using the slime’s adhesive power, I raced across the walls, floors, and ceilings with ease. By cleverly utilizing the walls and my tentacles, I tore through the intricate dungeon at full speed.

The speed with which I navigated the dungeon skyrocketed, and I soon reached the black gate. The wolves in my path were no longer a match for me. While I didn’t crush them instantly, I easily overwhelmed them. I had gained the same speed as my opponents and with my improved tentacle control, there was no way I could lose.

On top of that, I used the bat’s echolocation for detection and the slime tentacles for three-dimensional movement. A surprise attack from outside their line of sight must have been terrifying.

Since the path to the gate was now clear, I started looking for the monster house. There had been one on the 3rd floor, so I assumed it would be on the 4th floor as well.

In the end, there were three locations. One 10x10m room and two 20x20m rooms, where I hunted a total of 90 wolves. Since I attacked while sticking to the ceiling, I didn’t have much trouble. If there was any issue, it was that the wolves were trapped in a small space and couldn’t utilize their advantages as they were easily hunted down.

“It was hilarious watching you try to avoid the tentacles, only to bump into the one next to you.”

In less than a day, [Swift Wind] reached level 3, and I was ready to head downstairs. Should I go down now, or wait until tomorrow…? If the monster on the 5th floor are tough like a turtle, I can just eat and sleep, and I won’t have to wait for digestion. If it’s too strong, I’ll escape and come up with a plan for tomorrow.

I descended to the 5th floor to check things out.

《Name》

None

《Species》

Tentacle slime

《Traits》

Degraded: Negative ability modifier

Small: Negative ability modifier (Small)

Baby: Negative ability modifier

《Skills》

Lv**: Full Drain

Lv**: Transmutation

LV02: Pierce

Lv05: Blunt Resistance

Lv03: Piercing Resistance

Lv03: Slashing Resistance

LV03: Flying

LV03: Soundwave Manipulation

Lv03: Quadrupedal Movement

Lv03: Hardening

Lv03: Swift Wind

This time’s results:

・Nothing in particular