I’ve Been Reincarnated as a Tentacle Slime~ I Want to Live a Comfortable, Secure Life and Do Whatever I Want~ - Chapter 11
The monster on the 5th floor was a golem made of stone, about 2 meters tall. It was slimmer than the golems I had imagined, more like a lean bodybuilder.

(Defensive types are hard to fight… This one doesn’t have any weaknesses like the turtles. Looks like it’s going to be a head-on battle again…)

I deployed two shields made of turtle shells and a multi-layered slime structure in front of me, then readied several spears that I hardened as much as possible before starting the battle.

The golem’s strikes had little effect on the slime, which had high impact resistance, and the shield absorbed most of the shock. However, my spears seemed to only scrape the surface of the golem, with little effect. The sounds of the shield being struck with “bang! bang!” and the spears scraping the golem with “krrr krrr” sounds repeated.

“The first enemy on this floor is quite troublesome… If I had more different kinds of attacks, I could probably find a way to deal with it…”

I only have piercing attacks, so I can either turn my tentacles into spears or leave them idle. The only other option is my predation ability…

(Can this be done on a living opponent? I’ll give it a try and see what happens…)

I extended my tentacles and latched onto the golem’s leg joints. The golem, not recognizing it as an attack, ignored my tentacles and continued to strike the shield. I released the dissolving fluid from my tentacles and began my predation slowly.

After a long time, the golem’s joints became brittle, and it couldn’t support itself anymore, collapsing to the ground. However, the spear attacks still didn’t seem like they’d be enough to take it down. In that case…

“Using your leg, the damage should get through, right? This ends now!”

I lifted the golem’s severed leg with my tentacles and swung it like a club. First, I broke the arms with the leg, then used those as weapons to strike with two tentacles at its torso and head.

It looked like attacks were working on its body, and the golem soon stopped moving.

The predation of the golem took longer than expected, and with the lights dimming, I decided to go to sleep.

–

As I progressed with my exploration in wolf form, I was different from yesterday. Thanks to the golem, I had learned the skill [Bludgeon]. I could also transform my tentacles into a golem’s mace or morning star. When I encountered my first golem of the day, I swung a morning star, which had the mass of an entire golem and struck it hard. A huge explosion-like sound rang out, and the golem was blasted away, crashing into the wall, its limbs scattering.

As I continued exploring, I discovered a black gate. By this time, I had already preyed on about ten golems. As expected, predation takes time, and it was already starting to get dark.

“The entire day’s worth of monster house extermination is going to be wasted!”

I quickly returned to the 3rd and 4th floors and tackled four monster houses in total. The turtles, in particular, became an easy task, as I simply crushed their shells with the golem’s mace.

《Name》

None

《Species》

Tentacle slime

《Traits》

Degraded: Negative ability modifier

Small: Negative ability modifier (Small)

Baby: Negative ability modifier

《Skills》

Lv**: Full Drain

Lv**: Transmutation

Lv01: Bludgeon

LV02: Pierce

Lv05: Blunt Resistance

Lv03: Piercing Resistance

Lv03: Slashing Resistance

LV03: Flying

LV03: Soundwave Manipulation

Lv01: Bipedal Movement

Lv03: Quadrupedal Movement

Lv03: Hardening

Lv03: Swift Wind

This time’s results:

・Gained variations in attacking methods.