I’ve Been Reincarnated as a Tentacle Slime~ I Want to Live a Comfortable, Secure Life and Do Whatever I Want~ - Chapter 12
I had already located the black gate to the next floor, so I set out to find a monster house. I discovered a 10x10m monster house and immediately began the extermination. Swinging several morning stars, I took down the golems.

After exterminating several monster houses, [Bludgeon] and [Bipedal Movement] reached level 3. Thanks to [Bipedal Movement], I was now able to stand and walk even in slime form. It really feels good to be able to walk normally again.

(If I could become human, I wouldn’t have to worry about being attacked by humans… I wonder if I can somehow use the components I’ve consumed to achieve this.)

If I put my mind to it, I could make it work. The man with black hair reflected in the puddle was exactly the human I knew.

“Could this be what I looked like in my past life? It feels strangely familiar…”

For now, I tried to appear in a form that wouldn’t raise suspicion… though being completely naked might cause suspicion in another way… I tried a bit harder and adjusted my appearance to look like I was wearing fur clothing.

On a different note, as I was breaking through the walls of the dungeon so that I could connect the monster houses in a straight line, a thought suddenly occurred to me.

“I wonder if I can expand or create new Monster Houses? If the spawn count changes based on the room size, making it bigger would improve efficiency… But if the Monster House breaks, that’s a problem. Maybe I should try creating a new one instead.”

I transformed my tentacles into something resembling a drilling machine, with rough, protruding spikes, and began digging through the dungeon.

When I created the 10x10m room, particles of light appeared at the entrance. After a while, the particles vanished, and the words “Defeated” appeared. It seemed like the “Defeated” message was there to prevent combat right after the Monster House was created.

“Great! I can create Monster Houses!”

After expanding the existing Monster House so that around 200 monsters appeared daily, the light began to fade. I remembered that I had forgotten to clear the Monster House upstairs, so I rushed to deal with it, just like yesterday.

The next day, I realized that my [Quadrupedal Movement] skill had reached level 4 and that the [Baby] trait had disappeared.

《Name》

None

《Species》

Tentacle slime

《Traits》

Degraded: Negative ability modifier

Small: Negative ability modifier (Small)

《Skills》

Lv**: Full Drain

Lv**: Transmutation

Lv03: Bludgeon

LV02: Pierce

Lv05: Blunt Resistance

Lv03: Piercing Resistance

Lv03: Slashing Resistance

LV03: Flying

LV03: Soundwave Manipulation

Lv03: Bipedal Movement

Lv04: Quadrupedal Movement

Lv03: Hardening

Lv03: Swift Wind

This time’s results:

・ Able to take human form.

・ Able to create Monster Houses.